---
path: '/i-was-supposed-to-get-married-today'
date: 2020-03-29
title: 'I Was Supposed to Get Married Today.'
tagline: 'COVID-19 Touches Everyone in its Own Special Way.'
author: 'Matt Martin'
tags: ['wedding','COVID-19','matt martin']
---

It's a rainy Sunday morning in New Jersey - the kind of day you'd hate to get married in. Maybe this is the silver lining?

I've been looking hard for silver linings, since today was supposed to be my wedding day. At this time two eeeks ago, as news of the COVID-19 virus began to grow here in America, we were pretty certainw e'd be able to have our wedding. The hotel we are having the ceremony at had not cancelled, our vwendors were still in, and we were going to get married, dwindling guest list be damned.

The following week my sister caed to cancel. Then one of my aunts. Then a few of her aunts. We began to wonder if it was worth it having a wedding where people were afraid to dance or hug. 

Then everything was answered for us. On March 21st New Jersey's Governor announce dbans on gathering of over ten people. Our venue began calling guests to notify their reservations had been cancelled. The wedding was postponed.

We felt miserable for a few days, moping as wedding presents with our panned wedding day engraved on them continued to arrive at our home. We swore we were the unluckiest saps in the world to have the wedding we began planning a year ago put off.

The virus continued to spread and today, our wedding day, cases continue to surge. The news tells of more and more deatha nd sickness daily, and life begins to look grim. I sit looking out the window into the rain, thinking what today would have been if this virus never existed.

That's when I ralized, everyone on the Planet Earth is most likely thinking the exact same thing. Some people, like me, would be getting married soon. Some would be traveling for their birthday. Some were startign a new job. We were all screwed. Anyone who knows a person who is ill is screwed beyond that, and anyone who is ill is screwed even further.

I just wrote my mortgage check for April. Some people can't even do that. I just hugged my fiance. Some can't do that. For what it's worth, I'm not as screwed as most are, and am very thankful.

Like everyone, I'm hoping we can return to some sor of mormalcy soon. I'm looking forward to my rescheduled wedding in ctober. Hopefuy no one will be afraid to hug by then.

In the meantime there's nothing to do but keep living. My future wife would not let the day go by without a celebration, and planned a ZOOM reception. We were able to virtually see many of the family and friends that were supposed to attend. We jumped the broom in our living room and our friends cheered and cried from their respective confinements. We drank and ate virtually with our families, and it made me even more excited for the REAL big day.

Following my future wife's lead I've decided to be productive, and whipped up this blog with [GatsbyJS](https://www.gatsbyjs.org). The on;y thing I cul think to write was this. I hope fro this to grow as I continue to post any worthy musings, even after we are free to go outside again.

These are tenuous times. What can we do but keep living?

Stay healthy, everyone!